People keep [music] asking how I made
the backgrounds for this visual novel.
So, here's exactly how. For the
backgrounds, I kept it really simple. I
just used Pixel Lab's create image MXL
tool. That tool lets you go up to
400x400 [music] or the equivalent in
other aspect ratios. So, for this, I set
the canvas to 512x 288. From there, it
was all about the prompt. [music] I went
with something simple, a minimalist
therapy room with a sofa and a single
chair, calm lighting, and a quiet,
introspective atmosphere. But remember,
each word in your prompt matters, so
play around with removing or adding more
descriptions, [music]
colors, etc. As you can see, I'm using
the sidescroller camera view, and you
can [music] play around with the
details, shading, and outline settings
to see what fits best to your project.
That was all right, but I want to try
and change the prompt a bit. Let's add a
floor lamp and a rug in the middle just
to make it a bit more interesting.
Again, we can switch up the settings
just a bit and see what else we can get
with this prompt. So, I'm going to do
detailed shading and selective outline.
And yeah, you can always get more
creative by describing a certain style
or color. But now, let's get into
another background for the playground. I
played around more with the prompting.
It took me a while to get to where I
wanted, but [music] again, it's all
about good prompting and having the idea
in your mind. If you're just randomly
prompting stuff, you might never get
exactly what you want, cuz you don't
know what you want. And of course, we
can't move on without changing the
settings a bit just to see what else it
offers. Now, let's remove some parts of
the prompt, like the pastel colors and
the simple shapes. [music]
And look at the difference. And one more
just in case. And I got one more tip for
you guys. As you can see here, I'm
prompting something really simple. A
circus background empty. And you can see
the result from such a simple prompt.
The tip is don't be afraid to ask LLM's
for [music] help. Here I simply asked
Gemini to give me a prompt for a image
of a circus scene empty [music] for a
visual novel. And it gave me not only
one but three [music] different prompts
I could try. So I tried the second one
first and it was pretty good. But then I
took the first one [music] and that one
was the money shot. So yeah, feel free
to ask your LLM of choice to help you
out with prompts and steer it exactly
where you want it. If you enjoyed this,
check [music] it out at pixelab.ai. AI.